# README.md

### Project Name - Load Plan API

### Description
- This NestJS project is designed with Prisma ORM and utilizes Supabase's Postgres for database management. It offers a robust backend solution, ideal for modern web applications.

### Installation of packages
```
$ npm install
```

### Setting up the Database

- For the code to run locally, you will need a Supabase Postgres URL by the name of `DATABASE_URL` in your local `.env` file.
- Please contact the developer to get the URL key.
- The Schema is available in `prisma/schema.prisma` folder
- Run `npx prisma migrate dev` to set up the database schema.

### Running the app
bash
```
# For development mode
$ npm run start

# For watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

### Boilerplate code
- The code was built using nest's `create-next-app` command.
- The test files that are currently present in the form of *.spec.ts are autogenerated files and have not been removed as they can be further improved to have good test coverage
- The repository comes inbuilt with TypeScript and ESLint integrated into it.

### Routes existing
- We have a `load-plan/v2` Controller that does the CRUD operations of our LoadPlan API.
- In order to test the API, a user can first use the `GET` route under the Postman collection to fetch all the data.
- The user may then modify this set of data on the frontend and then send the new set of records (created, deleted and updated) to the `POST` route.
- In order to delete a record, you can simply remove the entire record from the Array of records.
- To update a record, simply modify any of the existing values and the POST route will take care of the updates.
- To create a new record, a user may simply add a record to the set of data, all the keys except for the booleans of stackable and tiltable are required. However, we only consider a record to be created if it doesn't have an Id, else we presume the record already exists.